the meaning of towards mine mine
it was the fire that did not catch was concrete
concrete block quill was also
concrete also if ok and you tile this
mud not but the thickest good very
well I want to tell you that I also
I'm pleasantly surprised when
I saw them in the first round because it was
Clearly they were good and talented
but they are the acts that one has left
the doubt what would happen in a next
instance today they showed me no
only they are very good at what
they do and that they are left over in their
discipline but they were creative
they were smart to bet and to another
kind of show just for
surprise and besides that you are
the test or the example of the
participants who do not expect another
opportunity to surprise but that
independently without knowing if they passed
today or did not play everything demonstrate
I better congratulate you
very good boys we sat for a while
and we do not have the time but you
do not go sit down, do not go
break the benches
they are boys on a bench and they go with
the command is to sit quietly
ok, we saw our shows
tonight they are going to have the time you
to be able to look at those who choose each
day is harder this for god
ladies and gentlemen Colombia applause
for these 8 shows that all the
dances
the difficult moment of this has already arrived
night the decision of our juries
everyone will have a vote one will have a veto and
they will have to choose all
semifinalists
this time the veto is for
alejandra azcárate
without further ado we started our
vote for hello
to see to start I want to tell you
all that this has been the most
difficult at least for me because
considering the stage in which we are
in colombia has talent I saw great
acts
and I also saw great talent that I see
turned into great acts if they were not
great acts today but since Alejandra
has the veto including which ones could
be the ones chosen by manolo
for me it is a yes
to pamper
[Applause]
[Music]
and for me it is a yes
for my angel miguel angel
thanks for hello manolo vote
you will not really fail me that the
people who do not pass that talent many
Thank you for having participated in the
program is a very difficult decision the
that touches me today
for me it is a yes
for colombia in dream team
[Applause]
Y
[Music]
for me it is a yes
for the jackson brothers
and Simon
thank you very much for having been down a
Applause for them
clamor
a little bit so that alejandra
we have very short time ok I need
tell me which of these acts that
I have here opposite does not continue in
colombia has talent
for me tonight is one
being excellent what makes
knowing his talent for the maraquero
from paula
[Music]
thank you very much carlos memoria
alejandra who definitely if
continue these three groups in Colombia
he has talent because it is his act
was surprised because we saw an evolution in
the talent and he even showed us a
additional talent and I like people
that challenges for me is a yes to
Miguel Angel
the brother guides
[Applause]
who continued to alejandra in colombia
he has talent both acts are very good
as I told you from the beginning we are in
a stage where there can be no mistakes
the fiscal act was creative and novel
coordinated but had failures the act of
the brothers cachú was novel
surprising they had a single error and not
it was up to you because I was
pleasantly surprised and the truth
they left almost without words in an act
who did not have much faith in the
First instance
for me it is a yes for the brothers
the regionalists
10 completed this week on Tuesday
the sea that we see with more group we
We have fun and we also know that Colombia
he has talent on Sunday great special
of the program see you on Tuesday this is
all
[Applause]